github_connector/readme/CONFIGURE.rst, before:

Once installed, you have to:

#. Open your odoo.conf file and add extra settings to mention Github
   credentials, and the local path where the source code will be downloaded:

   * ``source_code_local_path = /workspace/source_code/``

Note: make sure that Odoo process has read / write access on that folder

   * ``github_token = your_github_access_token``

or

   * ``github_login = your_github_login``
   * ``github_password = your_github_password``

Note: if token and login/password are provided, the token will be used.
The login/password auth will be deprecated by GitHub in the future.

#. Go to 'Settings' / 'Technical' / 'Parameters' / 'System Parameters'
   and define the following values:

   #. ``github.max_try``: number of call to the API before an error
      is raised. The more unstable/slow your connection, the higher should be
      this value
   #. ``git.partial_commit_during_analysis``: Set to ``True`` if you want to
      commit the result of the analysis in the database after each repository
      analysis. We recommend to set to ``True`` when you perform the initial
      download (potentially with a lot of repositories) in order to reduce the
      size of the transaction

   .. image:: ../static/description/github_settings.png

#. Go to your(s) user(s) form to add them in the new 'Connector Github Manager'
   groups. The members of this group will have the possibility to run Github
   synchronization.

Technical Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This module provides 4 crons that you can enable:

* Synchronize All Organizations and Teams (``cron_update_organization``)
* Synchronize Branches List for All repositories (``cron_update_branch_list``)
* Download Source Code for All Github Branches (``cron_download_code``)
* Analyze Source Code for All Github Branches (``cron_analyze_code``)

Commit message:

[IMP] github_connector: Added the SOURCE_CODE_LOCAL_PATH environment variable

github_connector/readme/CONFIGURE.rst, after:

Once installed, you have to:

#. Open your odoo.conf file and add extra settings to mention Github
   credentials, and the local path where the source code will be downloaded:

   * ``source_code_local_path = /workspace/source_code/``

Note: you can define the route as environment variable using the key
SOURCE_CODE_LOCAL_PATH

Note: make sure that Odoo process has read / write access on that folder

   * ``github_token = your_github_access_token``

or

   * ``github_login = your_github_login``
   * ``github_password = your_github_password``

Note: if token and login/password are provided, the token will be used.
The login/password auth will be deprecated by GitHub in the future.

#. Go to 'Settings' / 'Technical' / 'Parameters' / 'System Parameters'
   and define the following values:

   #. ``github.max_try``: number of call to the API before an error
      is raised. The more unstable/slow your connection, the higher should be
      this value
   #. ``git.partial_commit_during_analysis``: Set to ``True`` if you want to
      commit the result of the analysis in the database after each repository
      analysis. We recommend to set to ``True`` when you perform the initial
      download (potentially with a lot of repositories) in order to reduce the
      size of the transaction

   .. image:: ../static/description/github_settings.png

#. Go to your(s) user(s) form to add them in the new 'Connector Github Manager'
   groups. The members of this group will have the possibility to run Github
   synchronization.

Technical Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This module provides 4 crons that you can enable:

* Synchronize All Organizations and Teams (``cron_update_organization``)
* Synchronize Branches List for All repositories (``cron_update_branch_list``)
* Download Source Code for All Github Branches (``cron_download_code``)
* Analyze Source Code for All Github Branches (``cron_analyze_code``)
